# Lab 9: MongoDB Blog with Comments

For this lab, you will revise the express routes authored from Project 2 to work with MongoDB.

You may use Project 2 as the starting code, and add appropriate libraries as demonstrated in the module.

No client is necessary, and you may use either mongosh, MongoDB Compass or MongoDB for VS Code to demonstrate the results of the queries made through Postman (or another method).

# Specifications

## Document Schema

Posts:

```text
title: string
author: string
date: DateTime
postId: string
comments: [
{
author: string
date: DateTime
commentId: string
content: string
}
]
content: string
```

## Routes

Your application should handle the following routes, each of which should be demonstrated using Postman in the video:

- GET /posts : Returns the array of posts.
- GET /posts/\[author\] : Returns an array of posts by a given author (assume author username is unique).
- GET /post/\[postId\]/ : Retrieves a single post object based on **postId** (not
  **\_id**, which is generated by MongoDB)
- POST /post : Accepts a JSON object as the body of the request containing all post
  fields and saves to the database.
- DELETE /post/\[postId\] : Removes the post from the database based on the **postId** field.
- POST /post/\[postId\]/comment : Adds a comment to the end of the post and returns the commentId
- GET /post/\[postId\]/comments : Returns all comments associated with a given postId
- DELETE /post/\[postId\]/comment/\[commentId\] : Deletes the comment with the provided **commentId** on the post with the **postId**

# WHAT TO SUBMIT

Submit a video of no more than 4 minutes that walks through the code and demonstrates the routes making appropriate changes to the database. You may use any MongoDB client or simply mongosh to show the changes to the database after the queries are made.
